Feature/18 product notificaties (#55)
maykinmedia/open-producten: docs/introduction/index.rst

* Producten API
* Producttype API

> The `Notificaties API`_ is required for Open Zaak to work but is available as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Notificaties API`_ is required for Open Producten to work if notifications are enabled, but is available as
```
